feat: disable shipping method radio input when there is ongoing delivery mode request (#14401)
SAP/spartacus: docs/migration/5_0.md

#### Translations (i18n) changes

- `configurator.addToCart.buttonDisplayOnly` was added to `configurator-common.ts`

### DeliveryModeComponent

> 

Reviewer: - `ng-container` which wrapped `div.row.cx-checkout-btns` has been removed. 
- `div.row.cx-checkout-btns` has been moved to `div.row > div.col-md-12ccol-lg-9 > ng-container`
- `div.row > div.col-md-12.col-lg-9 > ng-container` will appear only if  `supportedDeliveryModes$` is loaded with length and `continueButtonPressed` flag is falsy.

> - delivery mode `input` element was wrapped by a `fieldset`, whose `disabled` property was bound to `deliveryModeSetInProcess$`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `div.form-check` element was wrapped by a `fieldset`, whose `disabled` property was bound to `deliveryModeSetInProcess$`.
```

Author: thanks for suggestion!
